UNIT FILE                                                              STATE    
proc-sys-fs-binfmt_misc.automount                                      static   
-.mount                                                                generated
dev-hugepages.mount                                                    static   
dev-mqueue.mount                                                       static   
media-cdrom0.mount                                                     generated
proc-sys-fs-binfmt_misc.mount                                          static   
sys-fs-fuse-connections.mount                                          static   
sys-kernel-config.mount                                                static   
sys-kernel-debug.mount                                                 static   
systemd-ask-password-console.path                                      static   
systemd-ask-password-wall.path                                         static   
session-10.scope                                                       transient
session-2.scope                                                        transient
anacron.service                                                        enabled  
apache-htcacheclean.service                                            masked   
apache2.service                                                        masked   
apt-daily-upgrade.service                                              static   
apt-daily.service                                                      static   
autovt@.service                                                        enabled  
bluetooth.service                                                      enabled  
bootlogd.service                                                       masked   
bootlogs.service                                                       masked   
bootmisc.service                                                       masked   
cgroupfs-mount.service                                                 masked   
checkfs.service                                                        masked   
checkroot-bootclean.service                                            masked   
checkroot.service                                                      masked   
console-getty.service                                                  disabled 
console-setup.service                                                  enabled  
container-getty@.service                                               static   
containerd.service                                                     enabled  
cron.service                                                           enabled  
cryptdisks-early.service                                               masked   
cryptdisks.service                                                     masked   
dbus-org.bluez.service                                                 enabled  
dbus-org.freedesktop.hostname1.service                                 static   
dbus-org.freedesktop.locale1.service                                   static   
dbus-org.freedesktop.login1.service                                    static   
dbus-org.freedesktop.network1.service                                  disabled 
dbus-org.freedesktop.resolve1.service                                  disabled 
dbus-org.freedesktop.timedate1.service                                 static   
dbus.service                                                           static   
debug-shell.service                                                    disabled 
docker.service                                                         enabled  
emergency.service                                                      static   
fuse.service                                                           masked   
getty-static.service                                                   static   
getty@.service                                                         enabled  
halt.service                                                           masked   
hostname.service                                                       masked   
hwclock.service                                                        masked   
ifup@.service                                                          static   
initrd-cleanup.service                                                 static   
initrd-parse-etc.service                                               static   
initrd-switch-root.service                                             static   
initrd-udevadm-cleanup-db.service                                      static   
irqbalance.service                                                     enabled  
keyboard-setup.service                                                 enabled  
killprocs.service                                                      masked   
kmod-static-nodes.service                                              static   
kmod.service                                                           static   
module-init-tools.service                                              static   
motd.service                                                           masked   
mountall-bootclean.service                                             masked   
mountall.service                                                       masked   
mountdevsubfs.service                                                  masked   
mountkernfs.service                                                    masked   
mountnfs-bootclean.service                                             masked   
mountnfs.service                                                       masked   
netfilter-persistent.service                                           enabled  
networking.service                                                     enabled  
nginx.service                                                          enabled  
packagekit-offline-update.service                                      static   
packagekit.service                                                     static   
polkit.service                                                         static   
procps.service                                                         static   
quotaon.service                                                        static   
rc-local.service                                                       static   
rc.local.service                                                       static   
rc.service                                                             masked   
rcS.service                                                            masked   
reboot.service                                                         masked   
rescue.service                                                         static   
rmnologin.service                                                      masked   
rsync.service                                                          enabled  
rsyslog.service                                                        enabled  
sendsigs.service                                                       masked   
serial-getty@.service                                                  disabled 
single.service                                                         masked   
ssh.service                                                            enabled  
ssh@.service                                                           static   
sshd.service                                                           enabled  
stop-bootlogd-single.service                                           masked   
stop-bootlogd.service                                                  masked   
sudo.service                                                           disabled 
syslog.service                                                         enabled  
systemd-ask-password-console.service                                   static   
systemd-ask-password-wall.service                                      static   
systemd-backlight@.service                                             static   
systemd-binfmt.service                                                 static   
systemd-exit.service                                                   static   
systemd-fsck-root.service                                              static   
systemd-fsck@.service                                                  static   
systemd-fsckd.service                                                  static   
systemd-halt.service                                                   static   
systemd-hibernate-resume@.service                                      static   
systemd-hibernate.service                                              static   
systemd-hostnamed.service                                              static   
systemd-hwdb-update.service                                            static   
systemd-hybrid-sleep.service                                           static   
systemd-initctl.service                                                static   
systemd-journal-flush.service                                          static   
systemd-journald.service                                               static   
systemd-kexec.service                                                  static   
systemd-localed.service                                                static   
systemd-logind.service                                                 static   
systemd-machine-id-commit.service                                      static   
systemd-modules-load.service                                           static   
systemd-networkd-wait-online.service                                   disabled 
systemd-networkd.service                                               disabled 
systemd-poweroff.service                                               static   
systemd-quotacheck.service                                             static   
systemd-random-seed.service                                            static   
systemd-reboot.service                                                 static   
systemd-remount-fs.service                                             static   
systemd-resolved.service                                               disabled 
systemd-rfkill.service                                                 static   
systemd-suspend.service                                                static   
systemd-sysctl.service                                                 static   
systemd-timedated.service                                              static   
systemd-timesyncd.service                                              enabled  
systemd-tmpfiles-clean.service                                         static   
systemd-tmpfiles-setup-dev.service                                     static   
systemd-tmpfiles-setup.service                                         static   
systemd-udev-settle.service                                            static   
systemd-udev-trigger.service                                           static   
systemd-udevd.service                                                  static   
systemd-update-utmp-runlevel.service                                   static   
systemd-update-utmp.service                                            static   
systemd-user-sessions.service                                          static   
udev.service                                                           static   
umountfs.service                                                       masked   
umountnfs.service                                                      masked   
umountroot.service                                                     masked   
unattended-upgrades.service                                            enabled  
urandom.service                                                        static   
user@.service                                                          static   
wpa_supplicant.service                                                 disabled 
wpa_supplicant@.service                                                disabled 
x11-common.service                                                     masked   
machine.slice                                                          static   
system.slice                                                           static   
user-0.slice                                                           transient
user-1001.slice                                                        transient
user.slice                                                             static   
dbus.socket                                                            static   
docker.socket                                                          enabled  
ssh.socket                                                             disabled 
syslog.socket                                                          static   
systemd-fsckd.socket                                                   static   
systemd-initctl.socket                                                 static   
systemd-journald-audit.socket                                          static   
systemd-journald-dev-log.socket                                        static   
systemd-journald.socket                                                static   
systemd-networkd.socket                                                disabled 
systemd-rfkill.socket                                                  static   
systemd-udevd-control.socket                                           static   
systemd-udevd-kernel.socket                                            static   
dev-disk-by\x2duuid-e62…f\x2d23f7\x2d4a89\x2da06d\x2d7d224ecb0a4d.swap generated
basic.target                                                           static   
bluetooth.target                                                       static   
busnames.target                                                        static   
cryptsetup-pre.target                                                  static   
cryptsetup.target                                                      static   
ctrl-alt-del.target                                                    disabled 
default.target                                                         static   
emergency.target                                                       static   
exit.target                                                            disabled 
final.target                                                           static   
getty.target                                                           static   
graphical.target                                                       static   
halt.target                                                            disabled 
hibernate.target                                                       static   
hybrid-sleep.target                                                    static   
initrd-fs.target                                                       static   
initrd-root-device.target                                              static   
initrd-root-fs.target                                                  static   
initrd-switch-root.target                                              static   
initrd.target                                                          static   
kexec.target                                                           disabled 
local-fs-pre.target                                                    static   
local-fs.target                                                        static   
multi-user.target                                                      static   
network-online.target                                                  static   
network-pre.target                                                     static   
network.target                                                         static   
nss-lookup.target                                                      static   
nss-user-lookup.target                                                 static   
paths.target                                                           static   
poweroff.target                                                        disabled 
printer.target                                                         static   
reboot.target                                                          disabled 
remote-fs-pre.target                                                   static   
remote-fs.target                                                       enabled  
rescue.target                                                          disabled 
rpcbind.target                                                         static   
runlevel0.target                                                       disabled 
runlevel1.target                                                       disabled 
runlevel2.target                                                       static   
runlevel3.target                                                       static   
runlevel4.target                                                       static   
runlevel5.target                                                       static   
runlevel6.target                                                       disabled 
shutdown.target                                                        static   
sigpwr.target                                                          static   
sleep.target                                                           static   
slices.target                                                          static   
smartcard.target                                                       static   
sockets.target                                                         static   
sound.target                                                           static   
suspend.target                                                         static   
swap.target                                                            static   
sysinit.target                                                         static   
system-update.target                                                   static   
time-sync.target                                                       static   
timers.target                                                          static   
umount.target                                                          static   
anacron.timer                                                          enabled  
apt-daily-upgrade.timer                                                enabled  
apt-daily.timer                                                        enabled  
systemd-tmpfiles-clean.timer                                           static   

231 unit files listed.
